[Workers] preview-urls (#17113)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/configuration/preview-deployments.mdx

## Customize preview deployments access

> You can use [Cloudflare Access](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) to manage access to your preview URLs. By default, these URLs are public. Enabling the access policy will restrict viewing project preview URLs to your Cloudflare account.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use [Cloudflare Access](/cloudflare-one/policies/access/) to manage access to your deployment previews. By default, these deployment URLs are public. Enabling the access policy will restrict viewing project deployments to your Cloudflare account.
```

Author: Accidental changes to this page. Removing.

> Once enabled, you can [set up a multi-user account](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/) to allow other members of your team to view preview URLs.

Author: ```suggestion
Once enabled, you can [set up a multi-user account](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/) to allow other members of your team to view preview deployments.
```
